---
author:
  name: Raymon S.
date: 2025-01-14
title: Reviews Games & YouTube
image: https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:3840/format:webp/1*x27CrKC1OBWsklRdtrriug.png
toc: false
tags:
  - Updates
  - Reviews
categories:
  - Momodora Series Review
---

# Reviews and Youtube

For the past few days I been wondering what to put on my YouTube channel and I decided that I will upload whatever come to mind, rather that be a random vid from my Photo Gallery or an edited video of whatever topic. I got tons of video ideas that I personally would love to jump back into. Many of them being abandoned just because I think nobody cares, nobody would watch it or not having the talent in order to pull off such videos. But recently I decided to picked up one of my video ideas because it a review of a game series I personally been attached to since I was 10 years old, and has  had it's latest entree as of 2024.

The series in question is the indie cult classic Momodora. The Momodora series is a indie game series that was created by rdein **[real name _Guilherme Melo Martins_]** in 2011 and currently has 6 games to it's name, that being Momodora I, Momodora II, Momodora III, Momodora IV: Reverie Under The Moonlight, Minoria & Momodora V: Moonlit Farewell. This series was one of the first games I every downloaded on my old PC and was a game that got me interested in the indie game scene along with other games like Undertale, The Binding Of Issac & Spelunky. But I wanted to dig up my initial script for the entire Momodora Series and actual spend the time to make it to a full video. I will be reviewing each game separately on my blog and all as one in my Youtube video. With that being said my blog post reviewing each game will probably come out way before the actual video but I want to actually put the time in and make it a reality.
