---
author: Raymon S.
date: 2025-03-03
title: LIFE / PROJECT UPDATE 2
image: https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/pw/AP1GczMf_k9jS_lCtOHAv4tEbJMUhu03HfK4a6uDtM7GNEoTz7bK6YD-e6h8ROo1C0Fg5mIY2pgKTeBcglSBfbjTowbm6JcNOA9Wu4j-j7IySNENOkCTlEhQj5WygsasSlipMGmgj6bsotrxJ56Wc5qEvlnJaw=w2565-h1709-s-no-gm?authuser=0

toc: true
tags:
  - LIFE
  - Updates
  - Project
  - Project
  - Updates
---

&nbsp; 

**I have alot to talk about in this post and many new developments in my life. I'll try to keep this post shorter than my last major update. But before you continue watch this video.**
&nbsp;

{{< youtube HzkpaWEi2dk>}}

&nbsp;
##  Website Updates

Starting off with website updates, for the past month I imposed a upload schedule that I followed for a little while then kinda stopped. While this was because of some new developments in my life I want to get back into posting every week. On top of that I also want to post more informational content or something that isn't just me posting about games and collectibles. To clarify I will still post about games & collectibles but I will be adding more informative post rather that be something that I research or something interesting you can do on your PC. These informational post will probably be huge posts and I have few post t hat I have been working on for a hot minute. One of them is an originally scrapped HUGO post on how I use HUGO & Obsidian to create this blog and deploy it to GitHub. I originally wanted to upload it like 4 weeks ago but I got to a point where i scrapped it rewrote it and kept redoing it. I will upload the HUGO post someday but i'll probably won't make an announcement about it, i'll just upload it and get it done with.

&nbsp; 

**Anyways heres the schedule for this week and next week:**

| **Today**       | **03/05**           | **03/07**          |
| --------------- | ------------------- | ------------------ |
| LIFE Updates 2  | Song Of The Week    | Collection Update  |
| --------------- | Ray's Collection 1? | ------------------ |
| **03/03**       | **03/05**           | **03/07**          |
| Main Updates    | Free Space Post     | Song Of The Week   |

As you can see I have two post planned for Wednesday. This isn't a 100% guarantee but I want to make short videos going over something small in my collection. I'll probably make a short video going over my modded *new* 3DSXL but we will see if I can produce the video in time.





## Life

 As you saw in the first the video, as of February 25 I'm officially on my own. Well sorta. I'm currently rooming with three of my friends & I'm not that far from my parents but its still a huge development. By the times your reading this it would have been a week and so far It's been going great. I'm currently living with three of my friends and two cats. I won't be naming them outright but I can name the two cats you probably already saw. The two cats are both female with the brownish one is Hestia and the black one is Nicks. I don't know why my friend named his cats Nicks but I think he said it was a joke but this was awhile ago so IDK. 

<script src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/publicalbum@latest/embed-ui.min.js" async></script>
<div class="pa-carousel-widget" style="width:100%; height:480px; display:none;"
  data-link="https://photos.app.goo.gl/iEgbuBxSDBg8zV5o8"
  data-title="Hestia & Nicks"
  data-description="3 new items · Album by Raymon S.">
  <object data="https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/pw/AP1GczMwt87QH9yNVrUfKlPEEvH8CrlFhwcIejmTAywggYDCEp-G31x_C3zWL3A0kAy1b74uggQ7KeQXfUL5oFZseWHu_2oiC2fBOAjExDdo-09bG76d4Mpn=w1920-h1080"></object>
  <object data="https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/pw/AP1GczNi1uVk-u-veQ_Q7ddXJy3Y6UVJrJNTXiPGL8Sg8LgKOKzq5oD7sXopEugLgGrXgg0nXiL3a9v8kLzdMwbjsDE3DR3qs2zHUpPsERcXGyE1Z7RvDdgK=w1920-h1080"></object>
  <object data="https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/pw/AP1GczPFHFWV-lLq13kRSUVNoCuBgZ5pWbi6Hd9VW3SnYYgDH40fnY9GBT9xxWfqgCLJIEPzEsHDLNMom7bMBLkItoT3tR6Scf5v8vdcm5qeW1P0aeRNhbCK=w1920-h1080"></object>
</div>

&nbsp; 
 
##  Main Channel & Others

I officially uploaded my first two IRL videos, that being "Welcome To My Channel" and "Update 03-03-2025".  Both of these can be found on this blog post or by going to my main channel located n the **links** section on the sidebar and clicking main channel. 

{{< youtube lgsqYTyes_8>}}

As for my gaming channel no new developments have been made and I'll probably let you know of any plans before I post them. Hopefully next week or the week after I have something planned. In the mean while I've been looking into getting some of my friends to appear if not on camera but in my gaming videos but like I said before we have no plans right now.


---
&nbsp; 

## Projects / Videos / Goals 

&nbsp; 

### Collection Video / Camera Setup

I originally was going to wait until my friends moved to renting out a house and I have my own room to record. But I decided that I'm going to go ahead and start recording when I have the right equipment and setup. My first two IRL videos have weird aspect ratios and quality and  I think this is because of my Macbook Air. The resolution is 1710 x 1107 by default which is less than HD (1080p or 1920x1080) and when I increase the resolution it increases in intrevals of 16:10 and not the standard 16:9. The text also scales. and looks so small. And of course it's AppIe so I can't scale the text separately. It's a real pain but I decided to try two different methods. The first one is to use my actual PC to record my videos then move them to my MAC for editing and the second one is to buy a headless HDMI and set it to 16:9 then mirror it to my MAC. I'll probably end up using both methods, one for at home and another for when I'm recording outside or at friends house. But on top of that I have many other stuff I need to do and I'll list them below.

- [x] ~~Get a Canon EOS R6~~
- [ ] Optimize the R6 
- [ ] Get a audio splitter
- [x] ~~Get a Desktop Tripod~~ 
- [ ] Get a actual Tripod
- [ ] Get Key Lights
- [ ] Setup a new Desk

&nbsp; 

### Cleaning The Apartment

There is a corner in the apartment thats just a bunch of random stuff & I wanted to clean it up & add a desk so I can move my PC from the TV and actual use it for video capture & editing. On top of that one of my friends has a whole bunch of stuff in his room that he doesn't need and if we clean out his room I'm pretty sure I can move some of the stuff from the corner into his room. Besides that most of the other stuff is fine.

&nbsp; 
&nbsp; 