---
author: Raymon S.
date: 2025-07-05
title: NEW DESKTOP ENVIROMENT
toc: true
tags:
  - LIFE
  - Updates
image: /2025/2025-07-01.png
categories:
  - Daily Driving Linux
---

## New Setup


Long time no see. Its been like three months since my last post but I'm here to give a little update on something I've been wanting to do for a while. For years I've wanted to switch to Linux as my daily driver but consistently ran into one obstacle that has prevented me from using Linux. The ability to play games specially games made for Windows on Linux. But on February 25, 2022 Valve released the Steam Deck a gaming handheld that uses Arch Linux as it's operating system and runs a vast majority of steam games. In order to get games running on the Steam Deck Valve worked with CodeWeavers to create using a Windows to Linux compatibility layer named Proton that works damn near flawlessly. 

With this release the final excuse holding me back was set aside. But despite that I still didn't upgrade to Linux and honestly did plan to upgrade. But that all changed on May 24, 2025 when unthinkable happen, after updating Windows 11 my PC started randomly restarting & crashing. Then a few minutes later my PC powered off and failed to start again. At first I started ISO testing isolating the RAM, Drives and PSU but then It came down to my CPU & Motherboard, in which I gave up. Giving up at this point may seem like a bad idea but trust me I'm better off replacing my CPU & Motherboard than trying to go thru eBay and find a spare CPU and Motherboard. So I set aside some money and planned out my next upgrade.

<script src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/publicalbum@latest/embed-ui.min.js" async></script>
<div class="pa-carousel-widget" style="width:100%; height:480px; display:none;"
  data-link="https://photos.app.goo.gl/3Tw1uh71v5UYgLvy5"
  data-title="Bent Pins"
  data-description="Shared album · Tap to view!">
  <object data="https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/pw/AP1GczPHbGBwiewvDz6W8O-bxd3OjViAwQas-jnOmI6wrScXHEwG267MuH--Lj_9OwuauSsw7ogex0XHzY7XNQ3gP3mMfE1k9uqDgAIWJylvgrlgSzOt02R8=w1920-h1080"></object>
  <object data="https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/pw/AP1GczNOj3YqFGMa99Zf8sYR6CrxPkIa5bubNpoBKEcSl7jqDHYXebDLj2LTbuT8BwFWLerwah7b8Dkiyj84XJOMkD8va8DYpSYY1O_DLWc7q4mjKKIKdki5=w1920-h1080"></object>
  </div>
  
Listed below this section is my new all AMD build. Most of the parts are purchased and are in my PC currently but some parts mainly the GPU are going to be added later. On top of the GPU there was one more change done that isn't listed and that's for my motherboard. For starters my motherboard changed due to the GIGABYTE 650 shipping with broken CPU pins (It was so bad you can physically see it ). I made sure to get my money back then took it  and spent it on a ASUS motherboard. I had to also buy a whole new RAM for my new AM5 platform. DDR4 ram is incompatible with my new platform due to the higher MHz requirement so I bought the ram from PNY because I own multiple sticks from them and I'm planning to put another 32GB set to make it 64GB.

As mention before I will be sticking with my old GPU til I buy my new one. My current GPU is a RTX 3070 TI 8GB and it worked somewhat fine other than the problem I have with it not recording 4K Content. My CPU choice is Ryzen 9 9900X with 12-Cores 24 Threads and this is will be replacing my Intel i9-11900K. I originally wanted the Ryzen 9950X3D with 16-Cores 32 Threads or even a Ryzen 9 9900X3D with 12-Cores 24 Threads. But they were both pretty expensive even on sale (I'm talking $500+). So I settled for the Ryzen 9 9900X which came in on sale for $350. The trade offs being that I lose the included 3D V-cache that help with video playback and better gaming performance. And for the Ryzen 9950X3D I lose the extra 4-Cores 8-Threads which helps with video rendering and encoding. Video encoding in particular is something I was looking forward to as the extra cores could have help me when It comes to encoding media extracted from my Blu-ray discs and any videos shot on my camera or via OBS. Now with all this said this is still a major improvement from my previous CPU which has 8-Cores 16-Threads, so I will still see improvements from my current workflow.

---
## SPECS

	CPU: Ryzen 9 9900X 12-Cores 24-Threads
	AIO: Cooler Master 120L Core Close-Loop AIO
	GPU: GIGABYTE Radeon RX 9070 [Buying Soon] 
	MOBO: ASUS TUF GAMING B650-PLUS [AM5] 
	RAM: DDR5 PNY XLR8 Gaming 32 GB 6000MHz
	PSU: CORSAIR RM750e (2025) FULLY MODULAR
## DRIVES
	[Boot Drive] 500 GB Crucial P3 Gen3 NVME M.2
	LG WH14S40 14x Blu-ray/DVD/CD player w/ M-DISC Support
	500 GB Crucial P3 Gen3 NVME M.2
	16TB Seagate IronWolf Pro 7200 RPM
	2TB Seagate BarraCuda 7200 RPM
	4TB Western Digital Red Pro NAS 7200 RPM

---

## Which Distro Do You Use?

The question of what distro to use was already something I looked into and chose even before my PC broke down. Just for clarification distros are different desktop environment built on top of Linux with different appearances and software baked in. A way to think about is is different ice cream vendors that source their ice cream from the same company but have different toppings. All distros are Linux underneath but are managed by different communities or groups. The most popular one being Ubuntu. Ubuntu is one of the easiest Linux distro to transfer to  from Windows. It the most widely support distro and is very beginner friend as most software that support Linux write their packages (software) in the .deb format and you can use the OS without touching the terminal. If you are using Linux for the first time I highly recommend this distro. 

With that being said you may think that i went with Ubuntu. But instead I went with Arch Linux instead. Arch Linux is the hardest distro to setup starting you with no GUI (Graphical User Interface) and sending you straight to the command prompt in which you need to setup Linux yourself. But why Arch? I chose Arch Linux because of how hard it is to setup and that you need to setup everything yourself leaving it up to me to find solutions to my own problems and setup my OS from scratch. As you can imagine I don't recommend Arch Linux to anyone who want a nice easy OS to use, this distro is for people who are more familiar with how Linux works and want to create their own desktop from scratch.


## Conclusion?

For now this is all I have to say. I originally had a way longer post planned but I wanted to get something on my website instead of spending weeks on one post that I keep pushing back. But I will be updating you with other post including posts on how my Linux experience is and even how to tutorials on how to use Linux, customize it, install apps & more.
